the side are a bit lucky to get it back
as big to us he's lost
acting truck nasmyth slipping blood
sorrows erin schmitt his own and his
maiden so 1947 froggy honor goes to
crockett techno fair
that's a cosine is classic
like keep coming forward Marshall
guilford stepping
uploading
nice black hair from rain
nice
the past Hines is there here's a try
today
copy back there try Crusaders is it in
the bank just going more sideways
forward now they get things moving in
the right direction getting close to the
line they should be on a score here
thunderbolts got over he goes to try
why on Todd's got it
and turns over
site is have got it from the line out
for the men
lion doll
trotty moves it on the line and George
looking for a hat-trick he's being held
up initially can't get it down
he can come up with something to finish
the game off being a very good player
this fella here Jacques Engelbrecht gets
it back infielder Peterson
now why hit
gets up from Turin the replacement and
here's whitehead he'll score
that's a very good try from the Kings it
was a pretty dominant performance from
the Crusaders 55 to 20 the score in
Christchurch as McKibben double crown
gives it to animation Cooper there's the
ball out to turn a try Waratahs is what
they've been waiting for you don't come
back to the short so I think there's a
hole there stealing that line at all
drew Mitchell cooking oil in it up and
here's a breakout Parsons oh yeah
the hecka scouring the dr williams
katrin in Lunia make the tackle narcs
narcs having a run
I always think they've turned this over
they have and a whit poo sends it
downtown Lucas is going to have to chase
Malala is coming through oh what a
mistake and it's been handed on to peer
town the Blues are in for another five
pointer opportunist maybe but it was a
good chase folly and he's got mad
locusts many trans it back on the inside
as well
welcome bakers
and Foley gives it down to roll born he
straightens porn
Lucas
cotton
bernat folly taking his time there's the
strike
isn't he happy
what a pressure King the drought
continues an elÿon stadium for the Blues
only 24 10 at halftime the men from
Auckland but in the end 30 points to 27
the Waratahs winning